Application Addendum

This Application Addendum is incorporated into the Agreement if You selected and paid for an application license in the Order Invoice, and provides additional rights for the License by allowing You to use the Fonts in one compiled application (“App”) only. We grant You under the License the additional rights stated in this addendum. This License may only be used by You, at the Licensee Size specified in the Order Invoice. For clarification, a single App is defined as one functionally equivalent software application that may be developed for multiple operating systems, such as MacOS, Windows, iOS, Android, or Windows Phone.

a\. Editable Use. The use of the Fonts for static, dynamic or editable text is permitted. However, providing the ability for a user of the App to edit text using the Fonts is not allowed if the result is a new document such as a personalized invitation or greeting card, customized product, or any other material for use outside of the App. You shall not use the Fonts as a tool or resource for third parties to create customized products, documents, or other material.

b\. Third-Party Use. This License does not extend to third parties. If You are using the Fonts for the creation of an App for a third party, You or the third party must purchase appropriate licenses to cover their use of the Fonts. You are responsible for any liability arising from Your inclusion of Fonts in applications not owned by You.

c\. Employee-based License Price. The price of the License is determined based on the total number of people, including temporary workers, simultaneously employed by You, the owner of the website, at the time of purchase. If Your number of employees increases to more than XXXX% of the number listed on your Order Invoice, You must purchase an upgraded license from Us or discontinue use of the Fonts.