## Electronic Publications Addendum

This Electronic Publications Addendum is incorporated into the Agreement if You selected and paid for electronic publications font rights in the Order Invoice, and provides additional rights for the License by allowing You to use the Fonts in one or more electronic publications (“EPUB”) only. We grant You under the License the additional rights stated in this addendum. This License may only be used by You, at the Licensee Size specified in the Order Invoice. For clarification, EPUBs are titles that embed the Fonts for the purposes of providing the display of text and graphics on e-book or e-reader type devices. Such uses include embedding the Fonts in the pdf, mobi, txt, html, epub, or iBooks formats.

a\. **Editable Use**. The use of the Fonts for static, dynamic or editable text in the EPUB is permitted. However, providing the ability for a user of the EPUB to edit text using the Fonts is not allowed if the result is a new document such as a personalized invitation or greeting card, customized product, or any other material for use outside of the EPUB. You shall not use the Fonts as a tool or resource for third parties to create customized products, documents, or other material.

b\. **Embedding Only**. Fonts may only be embedded in the EPUB. You are not permitted to transmit copies of the Fonts to third parties outside of the EPUB software.

c\. **Third-Party Use**. This License does not extend to third parties. If You are using the Fonts for the creation of an EPUB for a third party, You or the third party must purchase appropriate licenses to cover their use of the Fonts. You are responsible for any liability arising from Your inclusion of Fonts in EPUBs not owned by You.

d\. **Employee-based License Price**. The price of the License is determined based on the total number of people, including temporary workers, simultaneously employed by You, the owner of the website, at the time of purchase. If Your number of employees increases to more than XXXX% of the number listed on your Order Invoice, You must purchase an upgraded license from Us or discontinue use of the Fonts.